[doc]: update pulsar connection doc and examples (#101)
streamnative/pulsar-resources-operator: docs/pulsar_connection.md

  adminServiceURL: http://test-pulsar-sn-platform-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:8080
  brokerServiceURL: pulsar://test-pulsar-sn-platform-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:6650
  clusterName: pulsar-cluster
```

Other `PulsarConnection` configuration examples:

* TLS connection
  
  ```yaml
  apiVersion: resource.streamnative.io/v1alpha1
  kind: PulsarConnection
  metadata:
    name: test-tls-pulsar-connection
    namespace: test
  spec:
    adminServiceSecureURL: https://test-pulsar-sn-platform-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:443
    brokerServiceSecureURL: pulsar+ssl//test-pulsar-sn-platform-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:6651
    clusterName: pulsar-cluster
  ```

> * JWT Token Auth with Secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* JWT Token authentication with Secret
```

  
  ```yaml
  apiVersion: resource.streamnative.io/v1alpha1
  kind: PulsarConnection
  metadata:
    name: test-tls-pulsar-connection
    namespace: test
  spec:
    adminServiceURL: http://test-pulsar-sn-platform-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:8080
  brokerServiceURL: pulsar://test-pulsar-sn-platform-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:6650
  clusterName: pulsar-cluster
    authentication:
    token:
      secretRef:
        name: test-pulsar-sn-platform-vault-secret-env-injection
        key: brokerClientAuthenticationParameters
  ```

> * JWT Token Auth with value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* JWT Token authentication with value
```

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: resource.streamnative.io/v1alpha1
  kind: PulsarConnection
  metadata:
    name: test-tls-pulsar-connection
    namespace: test
  spec:
    adminServiceURL: http://test-pulsar-sn-platform-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:8080
  brokerServiceURL: pulsar://test-pulsar-sn-platform-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:6650
  clusterName: pulsar-cluster
    authentication:
    token:
      # JWT Token value should be base64 encoded to use

>       value: ZXlKaGJHY2lPaUpJVXpJMU5pSjkuZXlKemRXSWlPaUowWlhOMExYVnpaWElpZlEuOU9IZ0U5WlVEZUJUWnM3blNNRUZJdUdORVgxOEZMUjNxdnk4bXF4U3hYdw==

Reviewer: Out of curiosity: Is it a real value or a sample value?

Author: I took the token from https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/3.0.x/security-jwt/ then to have a base64 encode.

  ```

> * OAuth2 Auth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OAuth2 authentication
```

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: resource.streamnative.io/v1alpha1
  kind: PulsarConnection
  metadata:
    name: test-tls-pulsar-connection
    namespace: test
  spec:
    adminServiceURL: http://test-pulsar-sn-platform-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:8080
  brokerServiceURL: pulsar://test-pulsar-sn-platform-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:6650
  clusterName: pulsar-cluster
    authentication:
    oauth2:
      issuerEndpoint: https://auth.streamnative.cloud
      clientID: pvqx76oGvWQMIGGP2ozMfOus2s4tDQAJ
      audience: urn:sn:pulsar:sndev:us-west
      key: 
        # Encode the OAuth2 keyFile with base64 and create a secret to use
        secretRef:
          name: key-file-secret
          key: key-file
  ```

This table lists specifications available for the `PulsarConnection` resource.

| Option | Description | Required or not |
| ---| --- |--- |

> | `adminServiceURL` | The admin service URL of the Pulsar cluster, eg: `http://cluster-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:8080`. | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `adminServiceURL` | The admin service URL of the Pulsar cluster, such as `http://cluster-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:8080`. | No |
```

> | `authentication` | A secret that stores authentication configurations. This option is required when you enable authentication for your Pulsar cluster. Supported authentication with JWT Token and OAuth2 | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `authentication` | A secret that stores authentication configurations. This option is required when you enable authentication for your Pulsar cluster. Support JWT Token and OAuth2 authentication methods. | No |
```

> | `brokerServiceURL` | The broker service URL of the Pulsar cluster, eg: `pulsar://cluster-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:6650`. This option is required for configuring Geo-replication. Provided from `0.3.0` | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `brokerServiceURL` | The broker service URL of the Pulsar cluster, such as `pulsar://cluster-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:6650`. This option is required for configuring Geo-replication. This option is available for version `0.3.0` or above. | No |
```

> | `brokerServiceSecureURL` | The broker service URL for secure connection of the Pulsar cluster, eg: `pulsar+ssl://cluster-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:6651`. This option is required for configuring Geo-replication with TLS enabled. Provided from `0.3.1` | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `brokerServiceSecureURL` | The broker service URL for secure connection to the Pulsar cluster, such as `pulsar+ssl://cluster-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:6651`. This option is required for configuring Geo-replication when TLS is enabled. This option is available for version `0.3.0` or above. | No |
```
One more question: TLS here refers to TLS authentication or TLS encryption.

> | `adminServiceSecureURL` | The admin service URL for secure connection of the Pulsar cluster, eg: `https://cluster-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:443`. Provided from `0.3.1` | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `adminServiceSecureURL` | The admin service URL for secure connection to the Pulsar cluster, such as `https://cluster-broker.test.svc.cluster.local:443`. This option is available for version `0.3.0` or above. | No |
```

| `clusterName` | The Pulsar cluster name. You can use the `pulsar-admin clusters list` command to get the Pulsar cluster name. This option is required for configuring Geo-replication. Provided from `0.3.0` | No |
   

1. Apply the YAML file to create the Pulsar Connection. 

> 

Reviewer: Out of curiosity: Do we need to use -n to specify the K8S namespace when upgrading the resources?
